# Acquisition, co-option, and duplication of the rtx toxin system and the emergence of virulence in Kingella
Data associated with the manuscript "Acquisition, co-option, and duplication of the rtx toxin system and the emergence of virulence in Kingella" by Morreale et al.

**Please don't hesitate to contact us if there are any issues.**

## File Guide
This project includes several folders with additonal data and resources used in the analysis of this work. 

### Directory:
- Fig1_genus_tree
  - Figure1B.txt : Newick formatted tree corresponding to fig. 1B, following annotation in IToL.
  - RAxML_bipartitions.Genus_tree_KWGREF_FINAL : RAxML output file for this tree with bootstrap information.
  - RAxML_bipartitionsBranchLabels.Genus_tree_KWGREF_FINAL : RAxML output file for this tree containing branch information.
  - RAxML_info.Genus_tree_KWGREF_FINAL : RAxML log file for this tree. 
- Fig2_K._negevensis
  - AA267_contig32.gb
  - BB331_contig1_735174_755141.gb
  - BB526_contig1_76751_96918.gb
  - CC132_contig4_185563_205598.gb
  - CC443_contig1_934713_954880.gb
  - CC505b_contig13.gb
  - D2292_contig1_1133462_1155857.gb
  - D7641_contig1_979923_1000057.gb
  - EPA014_contig1_744079_764246.gbk
  - KWG1_locus1_284426_303662.gb
  - KWG1_locus2_96316_107334.gb
  - PED555_contig1_233397_43194.gbk
  - PVC1712_contig6_22672_37546.gb
  - SW416_contig1_959893_979928.gb
  </br></br> **NOTE:** Each file in this directory is Genbank formatted genomic regions for the RTX systems in K. negevensis. These were used as input for fig 2 along with EasyFig. The file names include the strain name, contig of interest, genomic coordinates.
- Kingella_metadata_tree
  - NEWICK formatted tree associated with fig. 3.
- Scripts:
  - amrbatch.sh
  - collect_from_ffn.py
  - dnds.py
  - Easyfig.py
  - from_cat.py
  - getfilenames.py
  - phylo_converter.sh
  - prokka.sh
  - roary_plotter.py
  </br></br> **NOTE:** Each file in this directory is a small batch script generated during analysis. Not all analyses were included in the final manuscript.
- Tree_Congruency
  - Alignment:
   </br> **This directory includes the original alignments used as input for quantifying tree congruency.**</br></br>
  - Results:
   </br> **This directory includes the IQTree files generated during statistical analyses of tree congruency.**</br></br>
- Fig4_data
  - Basolateral_CFU_Isogenic_16HBE_transwell_data.txt : Basolateral CFU counts generated for isogenic strains in the 16HBE model system.
  - Rat_survival_data_KK03.txt : Rat survival data associated with isogenic strain i.p. infection.
  - TEER_Isogenic_16HBE_transwell_data.txt : Transepithelial electric resistance measurements for isogenic strains in the 16HBE model system.
- FigS1_data
  - rtxA_clustalo_aln.fasta.contree : Newick formatted phylogenetic tree of all publically available RtxA homologs, generated by IQtree, and includes bootstrap values. Unrooted.
  - rtxB_clustalo_aln.fasta.contree : Newick formatted phylogenetic tree of all publically available RtxB homologs, generated by IQtree, and includes bootstrap values. Unrooted.
  - rtxD_clustalo_aln.fasta.contree : Newick formatted phylogenetic tree of all publically available RtxD homologs, generated by IQtree, and includes bootstrap values. Unrooted.
- FigS2_data
  - Basolateral_CFU_Isogenic_16HBE_transwell_data.txt : Basolateral CFU counts generated for PYKK081 isogenic strains in the 16HBE model system.
  - Rat_survival_data_PYKK081.txt : Rat survival data associated with isogenic strain i.p. infection.
  - TEER_Isogenic_16HBE_transwell_data.txt : Transepithelial electric resistance measurements for PYKK081 isogenic strains in the 16HBE model system.




